In the last 30 days, something took
place that uh I believe is the most
important development not only in the AI
world, but in in modern human history.
And I need you to hear me when I say
that. I don't usually say things like
this. I'm not that guy. But this one is
different. Right now, as you're watching
this, there are people rearranging their
entire lives around what I'm about to
tell you. Developers are quitting their
jobs. Entrepreneurs are shutting down
their companies and starting brand new
ones. People are buying hardware,
cancelling software subscriptions, and
starting businesses that didn't exist 8
weeks ago. And here is what should scare
you. They're not waiting for permission.
They're not waiting for a tutorial. And
they're definitely not waiting till
somebody says that it's safe. They're
just moving. The last time something
moved this fast. The last time I felt
this energy was the early days of the
internet when everybody was doubting it.
When people were running and screaming
and hiding because they thought the
internet was something crazy and people
were going to lose massive [music]
amounts of money. When the internet
started, a small group of people saw
something that 99% of the world didn't
see. And those people became
millionaires and billionaires many times
over. Not because they were smarter and
not because they had money, but because
they were early. That's it. That's the
only thing that separated them from
everyone else. Here's what happened. A
regular guy, not a billionaire, not a
CEO of some giant company, a regular
guy, an Austrian software developer
called Peter Steinberg, developed what
they call OpenClaw from his apartment.
He built a piece of software that lets
AI do something that it hasn't been been
able to do in the history of of AI over
the last few years. Not answer
questions, not write essays, actually uh
be able to do every single thing that a
human being could do on the computer.
Send emails, manage businesses, [music]
talk to clients, uh set up daily briefs,
uh run your entire life for you. This
has never been available in the history
of the [music] internet. It books
appointments. It does research. It
handles follow-ups for you. It
automatically sends out emails and
captures leads uh instantly while you
sleep, while you eat, and while you live
your life. It went from zero to 247,000
stars on GitHub. And for those of you
don't who don't know what that means,
it's basically uh the fastest climbing
AI project in the history of the world,
in the history of the internet. And this
is the part that changed everything.
Open AI hired him. The most powerful AI
company in the world looked at that guy
and said, "We need him. We need him to
build this for us." Now, they didn't
hire him to fix bugs. They didn't hire
him to sit in meetings. They hired him
to build an entire empire around this
one AI tool. That means that what I'm
about to show you in this video is not
theory. It's not prediction. It's
already in motion. The train has already
left the station. And the question is,
are you on it or watching it pull away
from the sidelines? Every new
technological shift in history has
created a new class of wealthy people.
The internet, social media, smartphones,
crypto, uh, stocks, every single one.
And every single time, it wasn't the
smartest ones who got rich. It's the
ones who were early. I talk about this
in all my videos. I bang the same drum
for for for years because it's 100%
true. And it's never been more true than
it is right now with Open Claw. I don't
care if you're a student. I don't care
if you're uh struggling with a
nineto-ive job. I don't care if you're a
retiree. I don't care anything about you
or your story. What I'm about to say
applies to every single person in the
entire world. Any country, any age, any
nationality, any color, anything. It
applies to everybody. Not to developers,
not to tech people, but to you. Because
the opportunity that just opened up is
the most accessible, the most
affordable, [music] and and and the most
open to normal people like you and I to
to get uh as wealthy as we want. Guys, I
can't even breathe thinking about what's
about to happen in the next few years.
And I'm about to show you step by step,
timeline by timeline, exactly what's
going to fold out in the future and how
you can profit from it massively.
This video that you're watching right
now is the video that you're going to
look back on in 5 years and say one of
two things. Either I acted on it and I
[__] just Yes. Yes. Or you're going
to think about this video and think to
yourself, I saw it, but I didn't act on
it. I'm such a [__] idiot. Why didn't
I just [__] do it? Why didn't I just
start right now? The decision is yours.
This is the most important video that
I've ever made on uh in my entire
YouTube career. Let's go. And real
quick, I have a completely free
newsletter that teaches you the latest
and the greatest in AI trends, tools,
and news, and how to make money from
them as well. The link is in the
description below. Click on it, join it.
It's completely free. It'll change your
life. I promise you. Let's get into the
video. Here's what's going to happen
over the next 6 months. Right now, OpenC
Claw is still technical and 99% of
people are staying away from it because
you need to know lines of code. You need
to know how to work in a terminal and
what bash is and what SHH is and what
local hardware and models are. It's
super complicated right now for the
average person. It's getting easier day
by day. But right now, 99% of the world
are are not able to touch it because of
the complexity. But that barrier is
about to disappear real fast within 6
months, maybe a little bit more. Open
AAI is going to release uh their own
version of an autonomous agent on your
phone, on your computer that's always
on, live, doing work for you while you
sleep, while you live your life. It
won't just answer questions. It'll take
actions on your behalf all day and all
night. Google will race to match it.
Anthropic will race to match it. every
major AI company and and uh in the world
is going to race to match it. It's going
to race to develop their own version of
this. And suddenly every person with a
$20 subscription to Chat GPT or any
other giant AI corporation is going to
have their own digital employee in their
pocket. And here's what that means for
money. every software tool that exists
to manage simple tasks like scheduling
and email managing and and virtual
assistants and uh basic CRM, these are
going to very quickly disappear. Why
would anyone pay 50 bucks a month for a
scheduling tool when their AI, their
personal AI assistant that lives in
their pocket does 99% of the work
completely for free? And why would
anybody pay a virtual assistant $1,500
or $3,000 a month when they can have
their own digital virtual assistant
hundred virtual [music] assistants uh
spin up as much work as possible with a
simple API key and and $100 worth of API
credits per month. And this is going to
be free. And I'm going to show you why
later in the video. Why starting a
business from scratch, it's going to
cost nothing, zero, nothing to start a
brand new business from here on out.
Entire software companies are about to
get wiped off the planet. I'm talking
about trillions of dollars gone like
that. But here's the flip side, and this
is what matters most to people like you.
Every single small business owner in the
world is about to need help setting this
up. your local plumber, your dentist,
your hair salon, your accountant,
lawyers, doctors, just you name it.
Every single small business in the world
is going to need you to [music] set this
up for them. They're all going to hear
about AI agents. They're all going to
want one. And none of them have the time
or the patience to do this themselves.
[music] That's your opportunity. This is
the opportunity that will create more
generational wealth that has ever been
created in the history of the world. And
all you need to learn is how to use
these tools that are quickly going to be
available to everybody else. 6 months,
that's the window. Learn them now or
compete with everybody else. Here's
what's happening in the next 2 years.
Now, this is where it gets very
interesting and very serious. Alibaba
just released a bunch of small AI models
that are able to work on your phone in
airplane mode without internet. And this
might not seem like a big idea, but this
is what OpenClaw is going to run on.
Open Claw is the machine and Alibaba and
small AI models like this are the brain
are the PhD level thinkers that are
going to uh uh take your business and
transcend it to the next level. Because
right now OpenClaw needs API servers
which means OpenClaw needs to connect to
companies like ChateBT and Grock and
Claude and and the the information that
is exchanged in the process [music]
it gets shared with these companies.
Your data is not private. It's public
and these companies use it to train
[music] their own AI models. You have no
privacy right now but that's quickly
changing. In two years, you're going to
have fully autonomous AI agents, uh,
digital assistants that work on a $400
Mac Mini that lives in your closet
perpetually, habitually, uh, uh, for in
an an indefinite amount of time. No
cloud, no subscription, no internet, no
API cost, completely for free,
completely private. It's yours 100%. The
government can't take it from you.
Nobody can take it from you. It's yours.
You own it forever. Think about what
this means. A restaurant owner buys a
small computer. Someone like you
installs an AI agent on it. That agent
handles reservations, uh, customer
questions, Google reviews, posts on
social media, sends follow-up emails to
customers and clients, and manages the
weight list, not to mention 100 other
things. All of it automatically, 24
hours a day, never stopping. The
restaurant owner used to pay a social
media manager $2,000 a month, a
receptionist uh $4,000 a month, and a
virtual assistant $1,500 a month. Now,
you've just set this up for the
restaurant owner for a onetime fee of
$5,000 and a management fee of $1,500
per month. If you set up 10 clients,
that's 50,000 in startup and base fees
that they pay you and $15,000 in monthly
recurring revenue from these clients.
All you need is a four or five clients
to retire. It doesn't matter if you're
16 years old, 60, or even 160. Who
knows? With AI, we're going to live
forever. With four to five clients, 10
clients, you can retire and move to
wherever you want. Disappear. disappear
off the face of the earth and get drunk
at 3 p.m. on some weird tropical island.
Who cares? This is the future. Those who
understand the power of this technology
right now are the ones who are going to
build more wealth than they've ever seen
in their entire lives. This becomes the
new IT guy. Instead of uh IT guys fixing
printers or or setting up Wi-Fi, they
now install agents on local business
computers. [music]
Millions and millions of businesses as
soon as they find out that this exists,
which by the way 99% of the world
doesn't know that OpenClaw exists, and
they definitely don't know that OpenClaw
just joined OpenAI. When businesses get
a hold of this information, every single
one of them are going to want this on
their computer, in their business, in
their system, in their lives. And guess
who's going to be ready to serve them?
Let's zoom out just a little bit more.
Here's what's going to happen in 5
years. In 5 years from now, the
oneperson company is not going to be a
flex. It's going to be the default, the
norm. One person running an entire real
estate business with six virtual
assistant AI agents. One handles lead
generation, one handles uh description
writing, one handles the pictures with
Nano Banana, another one handles uh
reaching out to clients and emailing and
responding to email and outreach. All of
it automatically. That one [music]
person outs sells a team of 10 and keeps
all of the commission. One person
running a marketing agency. No
employees. AI handles the copywriting,
the social media scheduling, the the ad
creation. That person [music] serves 20
clients and makes 40,000 a month alone.
This isn't fantasy. Openclaw already
connects to uh hundreds of different
services. notion, Slack, Discord,
Telegram, WhatsApp, uh YouTube, X,
email, so many different services.
[music] And in five years, the numbers
will be into the thousands. Every app,
every platform, every system connected
instantly. But here is the really wild
part. Now is when AI agents start
communicating amongst themselves. Your
AI agent doesn't just do the work for
you. It communicates with other people's
AI agents as well. Your agent reaches
out to another client's agent. It
pitches. It It does the negotiation. It
It handles price. It sends payment.
Everything done for you. That is
terrifying and incredibly powerful as
well. The people who learn how to direct
these agents, not build them, not code
them, but direct them, will be the most
powerful people, the most valuable
people in the entire economy. You don't
need a computer science degree. This is
not the 1990s anymore. It's not even
2010 where a degree on your wall matter.
Right now, if you have a degree from a a
science university or a a medical
university, it's basically toilet paper.
And there is AI who's able to read uh
X-rays and diagnose disease a thousand
times quicker and 100 times more
effective than traditional doctors. Let
me slow down a bit and zoom out just a
little bit more. Here's where we're at
in 10 years. in 10 years. The agent is
the operating system for your life. Not
an app, definitely not a phone. An
agent, a person, somebody with with a
characteristics of a human being. It's
getting there. We're darn close to AGI.
And in my opinion, I believe AGI is
already here. It's going to manage your
money, your schedule, your health, your
relationships, your home, your business,
your communication, all of it. running
locally on hardware you own on open-
source models that no corporation can
touch. The corporations as we know it
start shrinking, not disappearing but
shrinking. When one person with uh an
infinite amount of AI agents can produce
the output of a 100 person company, the
math changes very quickly and the world
follows suit. You don't need a big team.
You don't need a big office or a big
budget. You just need to know how to
control these agents. And here's the
part that really matters. This is not a
rich country thing. This is not the
United States or uh or England or
Australia or any country that has money.
When a powerful AI agent runs locally on
hardware that doesn't require the
internet, guess what changes? You've
just removed the last barrier to entry
for the entire developing world. a kid
in rural Argentina, a woman in Nigeria,
a boy in in Vietnam, some [music]
single mother in Bolivia with a $400
laptop, no internet connection, and a
simple AI agent now has the same power,
maybe more than a Stanford grad with a
$1,000 API subscription. That has never
happened in the history of technology.
Never. Every previous revolution, the
internet, cloud computing, smartphones,
[music]
they all needed infrastructure. They all
needed to connect to something. Now,
that's a thing of the past. [music] The
next wave of millionaires won't come
from Silicon Valley. They will come from
everywhere.
Everywhere. And they'll be the people
who figured out how to serve local
markets with AI agent tools in their
language, in their culture, solving
their specific problems while everyone
else was still watching YouTube videos
about it. Is that you? Are you still
watching videos about just take massive
action now? Start learning. Start
learning now. So, that's the future. But
let's talk about what's happening right
now and how you can take advantage of
this right now. This moment as soon as
you turn this video off. Number one,
learn the damn tools. Learn the tools.
Learn the tools. Stop messing around and
learn the tools. Start with what's free.
ChachiBT, Claude, Grock, Gemini. Play
with them every single day. at least an
hour per day. Block out an hour. Stop
watching Netflix. Get off Netflix.
Cancel your Netflix subscription. Start
messing around. Start tinkering and
start building with AI. An hour every
single day. Give them tasks. Push them
to their limits. See what they [music]
can do. Become familiar. Make them your
best friend. Make them your mastermind
group. the more that you use them, the
more that you'll understand what's
possible and the more that you're ready
uh to to capture the moment when local
businesses come running for these AI
agents. Number two, pick a niche. Don't
try to help everyone. Pick one specific
business. As a matter of fact, pick a
subniche of a niche. Dentists,
restaurants, real estate agents, salons,
gyms, whatever. Pick one niche and stick
with it. Learn their problems, learn
their workflow, learn what they waste
time and money on. Because when AI
agents become easy to set up, and that's
in months, not years, you're going to
walk in and say, "I can automate 80% of
the things that are draining your time
[music] and your money." And the
businesses are going to say, "Yes."
Number three, start offering AI services
[music] right now, not when you feel
ready. This is this is the part that
really gets me. Most people in AI, not
only AI in life in general, they wait
until they feel ready. ready for a
relationship, ready to travel the world
world, ready to start their business. So
when this happens or when the kids leave
the house or when I have nobody to stop
it, start right now. The people who make
the most amount of money are always the
early adopters. You will never feel
ready. I never felt ready for anything
in my life. I still start it. Start
right now. You're never going to feel
ready. That's okay. It's completely
normal. Just start right now. Start
offering your AI services. You don't
need to wait for Open Claw to be easy.
You can sell AI powered services that
use these tools that exist today. Set up
chatbots for businesses. Build websites
with vibe coding for businesses. Create
content packages using AI. Offer social
media management powered by AI. Start
getting clients. Start getting paid. And
start getting prepared. Start building
your reputation as that AI person in
your specific marketplace. Because
here's what most people don't
understand. The money isn't in the
technology. It never was. The money is
in being the person who brings the
technology to others who never would
have learned about this technology in
the first place. The dentist is not
going to install Open Claw. The doctor
doesn't have time for this. The local
plumber is too busy in the field uh
fixing somebody's toilet, but they'll
pay you to do it for them. That's the
business. That's the opportunity. And
it's sitting right in front of you, wide
open, waiting for somebody to grab it
and shake it and take it. Take it. Damn
it. Take it. Stop. Stop effing around.
Stop effing around. Do it now. Do it
today. Stop this video right now. Don't
even watch the video all the way
through. Stop. Start learning about AI
tools right now. Listen, I've been
talking about AI tools for for a while
on my channel. And I'm telling you, what
I'm talking about in this video is going
to make everything that I talked about
previously look like a warm-up, an
appetizer. [music] The speed is picking
up. The tools are getting way better.
The opportunities are getting bigger and
the window for early adopters to get in
now before everyone else is closing
fast. That's exactly why I built the AI
Income Weekly. [music] It's a weekly
newsletter that breaks down the latest
and the greatest in AI trends, tools,
and news and shows you how to make money
from them as well. If you want to join,
it's completely for free. I promise you
it'll change your life in some way,
shape, or form. link is in the
description or scan the QR code on the
screen right now to join completely for
free. Remember, it's not the smart
people who make money in technology or
even AI. It's the people who are early
in every technological shift every
single time. Do not be that person who
looks back in 5 years from now and says,
"I wish I had started an AI company. I
wish I had learned about OpenClaw or AI
agents or chat GBT or Nano Banana or
whatever." Don't be that person. look
back in 5 years and say, "Thank God I
started right after I watched this
video." I hope you guys like this video.
Like, subscribe, and we'll see you in
the next one. Bye-bye for now.